---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 1"
date: "2016-02-14 16:33:50 -0500"
tags: "chapter"
---

##### Jessica  
My head slams against the bunk above me, my head blanking and all of my senses shooting to life.

_Damnit. I still haven't gotten used to that._

Shrugging off my pounding headache as well as I can, I force my feet down onto the cold floor, change into my uniform, and rush out the door. Today will be my last morning waking up in the Barracks' thin, cold bunks.

The snow in the sunlight blinds me, so I close my eyes for a moment as I make my way to the auditorium.

The past few days we've been going through testing so that we could get matched with our partner. There's a lot of care put into deciding them, because they're your crime-fighting partner for life. More care is put into matching powers than matching personalities, though. During the five years at the academy they learn to deal with each other and work together.

---

#### Alex
Eyes shooting open, I wake up on the cold, hard floor again, shivering. Swallowing, I stand up and head out into the blistering cold.

I shade my eyes, feeling a headache building from the bright light.

---

#### Derrek
The boy with super senses rolls in his bed groaning before grabbing for his sunglasses and putting them on, not even bothering to take off his industrial earmuffs. He hurts a lot, I think. They'll teach him to control it, though. The twins down the row sleeping in the same bed, sit up at the same time. Not identical twins, mind you. They look quite different, but they seem to have the same mind, so I'm not sure if they're, technically speaking, twins. It's easy enough to call them that, though.

The blistering hot skin, the eyes that can see through anything, the mind that can calculate anything just by perceiving it...

Finally, they've all left but one. They pass by me, looking over their shoulder.

"Coming?"

I get up and walk out with Truesight.

---

...
